docs/generate_qr.md, before:

# How to generate a QR code with your encryption key

*This is demonstrated in the file [create_qr.py](../source/create_qr.py).*

It will be much easier for your enumerators to scan a QR code with the encryption key instead of entering it manually every time (and possibly more secure). You can easily turn your encryption key into a QR code using the [`qrcode`](https://pypi.org/project/qrcode/) library.

Note: The `qrcode` library is a third-party library, and it is not maintained by SurveyCTO/Dobility.

## Generate QR code

### Step 1: Generate encryption key

First, you will need your encryption key. In the scto_encryption package, you can generate one using the [`Encryption`](crypto.md#encryption) class:

```
encryption1 = Encryption.initWithKey()
key = encryption1.key
```

Here, "key" is a [`CryptoKey`](crypto.md#cryptokey) object. You will need the encryption key from that. The `CryptoKey` saves data as a `bytes` values, so you will then need to convert it to a `str` object:

    string_enc_key = key.encryption_key.decode('utf-8')

### Step 2: Generate QR code

Use the `qrcode` library to generate a QR code from the encryption key. Import the package:

    import qrcode

Then, generate the QR code:

    img = qrcode.make(string_enc_key)

Here, the variable "img" stores an object with the QR code image. You can then save that image to your preferred destination:

    img.save(img_path)

Your QR code image will be saved! You can share that with your enumerators, so they can decrypt your data.

Check out the [`qrcode` documentation](https://pypi.org/project/qrcode/) for more advanced usage of the library to further customize your QR codes.

**Important**: Be very careful with your QR code, since anyone with access to that QR code can decrypt your data.

Commit message:

Updated docs with new tools and names

docs/generate_qr.md, after:

# How to generate a QR code with your encryption key

*This is demonstrated in the file [create_qr.py](../source/create_qr.py).*

It will be much easier for your enumerators to scan a QR code with the encryption key instead of entering it manually every time (and possibly more secure). You can easily turn your encryption key into a QR code using the [`qrcode`](https://pypi.org/project/qrcode/) library.

Note: The `qrcode` library is a third-party library, and it is not maintained by SurveyCTO/Dobility.

## Generate QR code

### Step 1: Generate encryption key

First, you will need an encryption key. You can quickly generate an encryption key using the `generateKey()` function in the [functions](functions.md) module to generate a key and save it to a file:

```
from scto_encryption.functions import generateKey
  encryption_key = generateKey(key_path)
```

If you already have an encryption key you would like to use, you can use the `loadKey()` function instead.

### Step 2: Generate QR code

Use the `qrcode` library to generate a QR code from the encryption key. Import the package:

    import qrcode

Then, generate the QR code:

    img = qrcode.make(encryption_key)

Here, the variable "img" stores an object with the QR code image. You can then save that image to your preferred destination:

    img.save(img_path)

Your QR code image will be saved! You can share that with your enumerators, so they can decrypt your data.

Check out the [`qrcode` documentation](https://pypi.org/project/qrcode/) for more advanced usage of the library to further customize your QR codes.

**Important**: Be very careful with your QR code, since anyone with access to that QR code can decrypt your data.
